Rich Text Editor | Angular Integration for label provider in nimble-rich-text-editor (#1477)
ni/nimble: angular-workspace/projects/ni/nimble-angular/README.md

The standard way to use these in Angular (for localized apps using `@angular/localize`) is:
1. Import the label provider module(s) from your app module:

>     - `NimbleLabelProviderCoreModule` from `@ni/nimble-angular/label-provider/core`: Used for labels for all components besides the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `NimbleLabelProviderCoreModule` from `@ni/nimble-angular/label-provider/core`: Used for labels for all components that do not have a dedicated label provider
```

Author: Updated
